{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14920\viewh11480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This version of Perple_X has been compiled as Universal binaries, which will run on both PowerPC and Intel processors (32- or 64-bit).  The Intel parts have been optimized for the Intel Core2 chip, but should run on any chip.\
\
This version of Perple_X includes new versions of the graphical output programs (e.g., pssect, psvdraw) that will save (legal) PostScript, PDF, or SVG files.  That choice is specified in the perplex_plot_options file.  These programs are distinguished from their older versions by the addition of "_new" to their names.\
\

\i\b The installer does the following
\i0\b0 :\
	1) Install a set of libraries in /usr/local/lib/perplex that are required for the new functions of Perplex to run.\
	2) Install a Perple_X folder in a location of your choosing (default is /Applications).  This contains the binaries.\
	3) Append text to a (normally invisible) file in your home directory called ".bash_profile" that appends /Applications/Perple_X (or whatever the install location is) to your PATH variable.  This enables you to run the Perplex programs from the command line no matter where your current directory is located.\
\

\i\b The next thing for you to do
\i0\b0  is to go to the Perplex website and download the current version of the datafiles.  There is a link in the Perplex folder to make this easy.\
\

\i\b The best way to run Perplex
\i0\b0  is to double-click the "Make Perplex Folder" applescript in /Applications/Perple_X/ (or whatever the install location is).  This will ask you to locate or create a folder to convert into a working Perplex folder, copying datafiles and option files into that folder, opening it in the Finder, and opening a Terminal window, moving to that folder, and running build.\
\

\i\b To remove PerpleX
\i0\b0 , first move the installed Perple_X folder to the Trash, then type the following in a command window, from an administrator-enabled account:\
	sudo rm -rf /usr/local/lib/perplex\
\

\i\b If you find a bug
\i0\b0 , please send email to:\
	Dave Hirsch, Western WA University (dhirsch@mac.com)\
\
-Dave Hirsch,\
Western WA Univ.}